have you come to see my fuzzy nipples
Phil you're out of luck because they're
my delightful grump heads at the
gamegrumps calm slash merch there's also
an errand I'm not yes there's nothing
trivial about this pursuit I'm
embarrassed and I wish I hadn't said
that welcome it's a game grumps it's Dan
and Aaron the pursuit of happiness saved
it actually could I can I tell you
something that just popped into my head
but I don't want to embarrass him oh I
won't get specific but I'll just say one
of my nephew's was my sister had to have
the where do babies come from talk with
him mm-hmm and she's she's a great mom
so she just told him straight up she's
like listen this is physically how
babies are made and this is how it
happens this reaction was it just
doesn't seem worth it oh my god well you
know there's hundreds and thousands if
not millions of people that agree with
you young child yeah that's true it's
just not worth it yeah that was so funny
okay would've been even more like messed
up if she was responded like I agree oh
man so yes we have made the game show
rounds of late mm-hmm we did Wheel of
Fortune jeopardy and the other one
monopoly yes and other stuff
yeah and we're gonna do this one yeah so
Trivial Pursuit it felt it felt like the
right time to come back to it
Trivial Pursuit live I love it versus
moe
damn straight or wait I think I think we
want party mode really yeah that's a
free-for-all questions battle who has
the biggest brain okay three round or
five round let's I don't know let's do a
five round do fire round yeah the hell
was it multiple controllers favorite be
[Laughter]
joined game my name is Erin did we you
just had it
you just had its underneath your seat
did we play this before and these were
the names we created a view on marriage
Inc it was supposed to be Mary tinkle
but I ran out of Oh incresed Lee wipes
Kressley wipes oh that was instead of
wesley snipes yeah yeah who do you want
to be I'll be penny for it I'll be Erin
oh my god I love her now of course you
do did I create her as a character you
must've wait what is classic versus
family classic you got a join bro yeah
consider it done Zebulon i select you
yeah dog wet zip
he's got bling dude of course I've got
bling can I customize an avatar select a
costume
oh the goth girl is blocked dang well we
gotta we gotta play more then I'm so
freakin pissed off
oh yeah the giant rock chef oh it's up I
love him
okay yeah oh isn't the rock oh man I
need
really she - sweet pink ear she's cute
even less she's not goth well I guess
she could be goth she could be like a
summer goth or whatever summer girl yeah
that sounds nice
I think summer goth is just a regular
girl well she's good she's got like the
makeup going on she's got like a black
band and like anything like plaid you
know what I'm not even gonna comment
honest because the last time we made a
business goth joke like a hundred people
came out of the woodwork and said that's
actually referred to it as a something I
was like I already don't care I'm sorry
I'm sorry it's I you can dress however
you want I just don't care about the
terminology already so you let's do it
we're playing against AI players I feel
like that that like sweetens the pot a
little bit yeah sweet when you're all
peeing so I got an IV drip today oh and
then I immediately had to pee and then I
peed out the color of the IV drip mmm so
kind of makes me wonder what the hell is
even I was like am i retaining and you
answer my just injecting pee is just
pushing liquid out of my body you know
it's like it's like you try to push
something through a tube and that just
comes out the other end all right quick
starter is that a category of trivia I
guess so okay gotta kiss electic oh but
if you go faster than it gives you more
points yes correct
got it okay each question is worth more
than the last okay hot scared okay
that's right we hit like a sports chunk
last time and I was like this is
[__] a model of an iron atom I done
magnified called the Atomium
oh I'm just gonna say a random one okay
and clip my toenails like a motherf oh
oh do you yeah it was Brussels I don't
know what how I did everyone know
Brussels because that's where the
sprouts grow g-string uh uh guy got it
yeah geez she isn't a frog going did I
get all the points oh I guess we don't
GPS going places soon going places
system going places sister Wow all the
girls in this game were cute oh yeah
before many Hindu weddings the bride and
groom are anointed with a paste made
from which spice I make is like a police
affront sounds the most romantic but
it's tumeric damn I knew that I didn't
[Laughter]
but I can say I did way to go penny for
it oh thanks man
oh so I guess you have played a serve
before yeah man entertain me on which
name did singer Rory Graham release his
under which name mmm I don't know that's
rag-and-bone man dog what does
rag-and-bone man it's Rory Graham but
well I've even heard of this character
he's the singer released his 27 album
human 17 what are you talking about
who's even called a rag and bone man
Rory Graham nobody song is a singer how
does it go well how does sports and
leisure what does I mean its leisure
which is view standing oh I know that
yeah everybody knows that a gas station
[Applause]
that's where I want her to be standing
on me oh she's good yeah she is good
Evelyn and Ernesto
dang it Evelyn get your names out of
here Evelyn so close to our next wedge
sounds so wrong it's get on tinder man
we make it happen faster oh cool I'm
getting a call from a telemarketer hey
love it like the iOS is all smart now
and just like it's like just block the
call if it's a telemarketer just block
the call if you know that's what it is
okay I don't understand I'm sure it'll
be clear after one question where we
fall horribly behind just like when I
was after the hydration
you don't want it to geography why not
well cuz we remember the map game the
map game yeah that we played on grubs
that didn't go well has the most islands
Indonesia
wait how do i little cursor with your
joystick oh oh we have to do it in order
wait can you choose the same one as
someone else oh man
Sweden dang Sweden I thought we were
accounting like UK territories Sweden is
the most islands sure does and no one
guessed it what do you mean we won the
first wedge of the game Wow trick
question that's not good
this isn't do I get to go green goes
first wishes he's 90 no it's just an
order yeah okay I feel like Frankenstein
is pretty dang old I'm gonna go with
Warren peace I'll go with Madame Bovary
Frankenstein later better way to go
Frankenstein is good Frankenstein was my
gut instinct dang it 1818 damn Mary
Shelley's old should just stuck with it
dude Evelyn is killing us yes she's
choking the life out of her decimated
bodies survived the lungs stopped going
fast no no no baby kangaroo rat cuz
nobody's ever heard of it yeah well
giraffe is a desert animal not human
humans
yeah I know I told you it was kangaroo
rat yeah but you didn't pick it dude so
stop it claiming credit yeah but you
know what I said it
Oh lives that's insane which is the
movies um oh oh I know that he knows
it's so easy
dang it
alright well I'm gonna go next
dang it it's the highest animated these
are all huge blonde ones our heads
dang it it's tits Nick wow that's a lot
of money especially in 90s money yeah
[Music]
okay I do I go first
everyone else is going I think it's
whoever did the worst thank God I don't
know I hate this the events come first
in the mother pentest slum I sure don't
know this you don't know your leisure
um equestrian show jumping geez man this
could be anything
all right fencing cross-country running
freestyle swimming okay I got last all
right
fencing freakin eat it non fencers him
yeah what are you looking sir my saber
the saver the saber yeah save it the
saber and then
make it go weak like a foil dude I'm
such a fool I don't know anything about
anything
gosh dang it everyone you are
unbelievable dude you're gonna get your
next wedge pretty soon yeah I wish it
was a wedge of iceberg lettuce delicious
so that I could feel some health in my
body
Oh
switchin Gauri's what is switch agrees
take turns picking a category okay I
love it answer correctly to score points
Thanks go with arts and literature
perfect which Shakespeare play title
will a superstition mention yes you know
this of course why is it Macbeth I
somehow knew that but why is it isn't it
isn't it cursed or whatever yeah
because like if if you like mention it
you'll die or something or you'll like
it crack it hurt onstage that doesn't
sound like fun yeah fine science or
whatever and the other thing unit
measured oh I know that's oh who hit it
first it doesn't matter
yeah well it hits it first gets extra
monies yeah whoo
should you're winning yeah at the moment
she's like I'm a robot
I know everything 90% of the cultivated
land area of Mauritius corn is maize dur
it's stoppable floors better keep an eye
out
zone berry tink when the last game they
play he really looks like Kevin
entertain mom mom left me on this winter
nest oh yeah fashion has released the
fragrance CK one I don't know what do
you think so think about it for a second
CK Armani Calif Koran you shut up was he
Somalia spits take a picture
penny fart time to select categories um
history
please check monkey I don't know
anything about any of this capital for
this charity oh oh boy I don't know the
answer to this could be anything was
born oh there yeah the hell is bond of a
wash choose carefully player - I did
which category are you okay the one you
like Jesse Owens I know this one oops I
think I picked the wrong one yeah it was
long job he won three go with an Jessie
woo
Diggy dang know Ernesto he got a piece
kicking our ass not Oh
[Music]
kick my ass by what name is salted
sturgeon Roe more commonly known I knew
that for about a new ders
gosh dang it Evelyn everyone's like
killing it so fast to cheese like
shoving a pillow over our faces it's a
big cool she's just like just stop don't
fight two peoples kids are born on the
same day no idea cool
good job Ernesto why they just say name
me alive ones Zak Starkey what's his
name really isn't Ringo Starr no stages
step on you out a little bit start such
a cool name yeah that's why you made it
up I gave myself a cool name it's a ring
yo it's like ballroom blitz bit a little
bit lamer and everyone leaves us
something that they don't want so you
just gotta pick an answer off of the
wall yeah boy that's wild Oh sports and
leisure sports and leisure swimming
tonight pick one sorry
pack one hey Keith took two uh it got
scared
failing oh I forgot that there is more
of this squash and surfing on it oh nice
all right handball is wrong who knew I
guess people who watch the Olympics
seriously and you got a 65 percent
accuracy that one's so winning
okay
I roba pick one you stupid bastard just
[Music]
just just cool we jumped ahead of the AI
what we did
yeah and we got Reggie oh dude f Evelyn
the Caribbean Sea no I don't know it
can't be nice
oh the Caribbean is boom where's the
Caribbean you know near the Caribbean oh
I don't know anything about the
Caribbean you got a look at a map
sometime I just got to do it it's the
only way I'm gonna look at a map I don't
know know where I'm going go and hang in
your house just look at it for a while
Caribbean
[Laughter]
[Applause]
so these elements are metal Oh
mercury nice nice we can nice dude Tim
oh there's more yeah sulfur [__] it's
sulfur his [__] does contain sulfur I
thought I thought it was only two rounds
I think it's only two rounds of flake
they were all everybody got all the Y's
damn it damn it Ernesto it's only
because he's wearing purple it's stupid
fool these musicians played at Michael
Jackson's funeral they won't live it
down you're mayor uh man I don't know
uri geller no Jackson the Jackson 5 oh I
can understand why they would they were
the Jackson for at that point I mean
Jermaine yeah someone doesn't know [__]
whenever I see my character celebrating
and kind of like I wish she didn't oh I
was in second well done
damn good job right hey I ended up with
pink and you with blue that's very
convenient yeah about that
[Music]
I think we have to choose that at one
point didn't mean yeah think so
I could be wrong oh geez and a series of
rapid-fire questions okay Oh God
but I want to wedge yeah okay got it
easy something hopefully one was alive
then he's still alive I can eat it
robots robots are so dumb actually
Dwayne Hulk Hogan the Dwayne Johnson raw
oh it didn't count my buzzin you oh it
could cost you the wedge dude that sucks
man I did it oh it's literature boy
that's schwag manion's
oh man well presumably the God of War
[Music]
that's the God of War I don't think my
controller I think my controller died
what really yeah it's it's not
yeah dude something's up
it looks like you guys are like Oh cuz
oh we're out yeah
wow that's wow I'm the master of this
category in the whole damn game yeah you
did
hell you just want everything hell wow
how do I win Bravo that's not right
about because it didn't record my Dwayne
the rock Johnson type in WoW
well that's a tainted victory but I'll
give it to you anyway
well done Aaron hey yeah but I didn't
get all the different colors I just got
the same colors it matters not hey I'm
pretty good at science apparently hi is
Phil look at your sports thing goes way
up a lot two titties 200 titles during
the game I had like three titties that
doesn't sound right
I feel good have yourself a victory lap
thanks babe
all right well I guess we'll uh we'll
see you all next time bye bye
yeah goodbye goodbye
three four five six seven eight nine ten
Oh